(HEAVY ROCK MUSIC)
♪ WELL, SWEET LITTLE
SISTER'S HIGH IN HELL ♪
♪ CHEATING ON A HALO ♪
♪ GRIND IN A ODYSSEY HOLOCAUST
HEART KICK ON TOMORROW ♪
♪ BREAKDOWN-AGONY, I SAID
ECSTASY IN OVERDRIVE ♪
♪ WELL RIDING ON THE
WORLD, THUNDER KISSING ♪
♪ 1965 ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WOW ♪
♪ FIVE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WOW ♪
♪ DEMON-WARP IS COMING ALIVE ♪
♪ IN 1965, FIVE, FIVE ♪
♪ LIVING FAST AND DYING
YOUNG LIKE A ENDLESS POETRY ♪
♪ MY MOTOR-PSYCHO NIGHTMARE
FREAK OUT INSIDE OF ME ♪
♪ MY SOUL SALVATION
LIBERATION ON THE DRIVE ♪
♪ THE POWER OF THE
BLASTER MOVE ME FASTER ♪
♪ 1965 ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WOW ♪
♪ FIVE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WOW ♪
♪ DEMON-WARP IS COMING ALIVE ♪
♪ IN 1965, FIVE, FIVE ♪
- [WOMAN] YOU'RE ALL
SHOOK UP, AREN'T YOU BABY?
I NEVER TRY ANYTHING.
I JUST DO IT.
WANNA TRY ME?
[SIRENS BLARING]
♪♪♪
♪ AW, SHOUT ♪
(HEAVY METAL
ELECTRIC GUITAR SOLO)
♪ ROLLING LIKE A SUPERSONIC ♪
♪ ANOTHER FOOL THAT
GETS DOWN ON IT ♪
♪ PIG SWEAT A MILLION MILES ♪
♪ I GOT A HEART ATOMIC STYLE ♪
♪ I MAKE IT LOOK EASY ♪
♪ THAT'S WHAT I SAID ♪
♪ BLAST OF SILENCE
EXPLODES IN MY HEAD ♪
♪ YEAH, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ GIMME THAT, GIMME THAT NOW ♪
♪ GIMME THAT, GIMME THAT ♪
♪ STEP TO THE MOONSHINE FRENZY
HAIL: THE RESURRECTION ♪
♪ WHAT'S NEW, PUSSYCAT? CAN
YOU DIG THE SATISFACTION ♪
♪ WELL YOU CAN'T TAKE IT WITH
YOU BUT YOU CAN IN OVERDRIVE ♪
♪ SOME LIKE IT HOT AND TWIST'N ♪
♪ 1965 ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WOW ♪
♪ FIVE ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ WOW ♪
♪ DEMON-WARP IS COMING ALIVE ♪
♪ IN 1965, FIVE, FIVE ♪
(HEAVY ROCK MUSIC)